mobilebert model card update (#37256)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/mobilebert.md

-->

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
        <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
        <img alt="TensorFlow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white">
    </div>
</div>

# MobileBERT

> [MobileBERT](https://github.com/google-research/google-research/tree/master/mobilebert) is a lightweight and efficient variant of BERT, specifically designed for resource-limited devices such as mobile phones. It retains the bidirectional transformer architecture of BERT but significantly reduces model size and inference latency while maintaining strong performance on NLP tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MobileBERT](https://huggingface.co/papers/2004.02984) is a lightweight and efficient variant of BERT, specifically designed for resource-limited devices such as mobile phones. It retains BERT's architecture but significantly reduces model size and inference latency while maintaining strong performance on NLP tasks. MobileBERT achieves this through a bottleneck structure and carefully balanced self-attention and feedforward networks. The model is trained by knowledge transfer from a large BERT model with an inverted bottleneck structure.
```

> The MobileBERT model was proposed in [MobileBERT: a Compact Task-Agnostic BERT for Resource-Limited Devices](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.02984). It's a bidirectional transformer based on the BERT model, which is compressed and accelerated using several

Reviewer: We can remove this paragraph

approaches.

> > [!TIP]
> > Click on the  models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply Gemma to different vision and language tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the original MobileBERT checkpoint under the [Google](https://huggingface.co/google/mobilebert-uncased) organization.

> [!TIP]
> Click on the MobileBERT models in the right sidebar for more examples of how to apply MobileBERT to different language tasks.
```

> ## Usage tips

Reviewer: We can remove the entire `## Usage tips` section here

- 4.3× smaller and 5.5× faster than BERT_BASE.
- MobileBERT is a thin version of BERT_LARGE, featuring bottleneck layers that reduce computational complexity while preserving model expressiveness.
- The model is deeper than BERT_BASE but with narrower layers, making it more parameter-efficient.
- Achieves competitive performance on standard NLP benchmarks
    * GLUE score: 77.7 (only 0.6 lower than BERT_BASE).
    * SQuAD v1.1/v2.0: F1 scores of 90.0/79.2 (outperforming BERT_BASE by 1.5/2.1 points).

> The example below demonstrates how to generate text with [`Pipeline`] or the [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below demonstrates how to predict the `[MASK]` token with [`Pipeline`], [`AutoModel`], and from the command line.
```

<hfoptions id="usage">
<hfoption id="Pipeline">

```py

> from transformers import pipeline

Reviewer: Snippet should look like below. You can remove the code comments too

```py
import torch
from transformers import pipeline

pipeline = pipeline(
    task="fill-mask",
    model="google/mobilebert-uncased",
    torch_dtype=torch.float16,
    device=0
)
pipeline("The capital of France is [MASK].")
```

# Load MobileBERT for masked token prediction
mask_filler = pipeline("fill-mask", model="google/mobilebert-uncased")

# Example: Predict the masked word
results = mask_filler("The capital of France is [MASK].")
print(results[0]["sequence"]) # Output: "The capital of France is paris."
```
</hfoption>
<hfoption id="AutoModel">

```py

> from transformers import AutoTokenizer, AutoModelForMaskedLM

Reviewer: The code snippet should look like below. You can also remove the code comments here!

```py
import torch
from transformers import AutoModelForMaskedLM, AutoTokenizer

tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(
    "google/mobilebert-uncased",
)
model = AutoModelForMaskedLM.from_pretrained(
    "google/mobilebert-uncased",
    torch_dtype=torch.float16,
    device_map="auto",
)
inputs = tokenizer("The capital of France is [MASK].", return_tensors="pt").to("cuda")

with torch.no_grad():
    outputs = model(**inputs)
    predictions = outputs.logits

masked_index = torch.where(inputs['input_ids'] == tokenizer.mask_token_id)[1]
predicted_token_id = predictions[0, masked_index].argmax(dim=-1)
predicted_token = tokenizer.decode(predicted_token_id)

print(f"The predicted token is: {predicted_token}")
```

import torch

# Load model and tokenizer
tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("google/mobilebert-uncased")
model = AutoModelForMaskedLM.from_pretrained("google/mobilebert-uncased")

# Example input with a [MASK] token
text = "I want to [MASK] a coffee."
inputs = tokenizer(text, return_tensors="pt")

# Find the position of the [MASK] token
mask_token_index = torch.where(inputs["input_ids"][0] == tokenizer.mask_token_id)[0]

# Predict the masked token
outputs = model(**inputs)
logits = outputs.logits
mask_logits = logits[0, mask_token_index, :]
predicted_token_id = torch.argmax(mask_logits, dim=-1)

# Decode the prediction
predicted_token = tokenizer.decode(predicted_token_id)
print(f"Predicted word: {predicted_token}")  # Output: "buy" or "order"
```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="transformers-cli">

```bash

> python -c "from transformers import pipeline; print(pipeline('fill-mask', model='google/mobilebert-uncased')('Artificial intelligence will [MASK] the world.')[0]['sequence'])"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo -e "The capital of France is [MASK]." | transformers-cli run --task fill-mask --model google/mobilebert-uncased --device 0
```

```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

> ## Resources

Reviewer: Remove `## Resources` and replace it with `## Notes`:

```md
## Notes

- Inputs should be padded on the right because BERT uses absolute position embeddings.
```
